[Music]
in Arizona
Jesse Hendricks is particularly devoted
to hummingbirds his home lies on the
migration routes of several species the
black chind is one of the most common in
spring they travel up from Mexico on
their way to nest as far north as
Montana and British Columbia
then in autumn he sees them again on
their way back to they went to quarters
in the warmth of the south some of them
have been fitted with leg rings so he
knows that the same birds visit him each
year to drink from the same feeder it's
possible that many now vary their roofs
to make sure that they pay a call at
such a reliable restaurant
at the height of the migration he may be
visited in a single day by about 9,000
different birds and every day he
provides his customers with over 13
gallons of sugar water meals like these
must surely make the difference between
life and death
for many of the little Rufus
hummingbirds which on leaving Jessie's
fuel station have still to tackle the
last stage of their 2000 mile migration
across the bay of Mexico in one single
600 mile non-stop flight